Give name to some sections and fix xof functions. (#338)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve: draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve.md

| G | A prime-order subgroup of the points on E. | Destination group to which byte strings are encoded. |
| r | Order of G. | r is a prime factor of n (usually, the largest such factor). |
| h | Cofactor, h >= 1. | An integer satisfying n = h * r. |

> {: #table-1 title="Summary of symbols and their definition."}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: #table-1 title="Summary of symbols and their definitions."}
```

expand_message_xof(msg, DST, len_in_bytes)

Parameters:

> - H(m, d), an extendable-output function with input
>            message m and returning d bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- H(m, d), an extendable-output function that hashes input
           message m and returns d bytes.
```

Reviewer: Well, feel free to replace "hash" with "process," even though I think hash is sufficient clear.

Author: done

38. return (xEn, xEd, yEn, yEd)
~~~

### Montgomery curves with q = 3 (mod 4) {#ell2-map-to-3mod4}

The following is a straight-line implementation of Elligator 2
that applies to any Montgomery curve

>     K * t^2 = s^3 + J * s^2 + s

Reviewer: I think we should revert this (and the change below) as it's redundant with the definition in 6.7.

Author: reverted

The following function maps any point on the elliptic curve E ({{suites-bls12381-g2}})
into the prime-order subgroup G2.

> This function returns a point equal to h\_eff * P, where h\_eff is the parameter

Reviewer: Good catch!
